Hou Feng Ming, we meet again
How are you
I say linzer
Although you have realized
The seriousness of the matter
But what about you now?
If you know you can't get off the stage, you can't either
Shameless to such a world?
I also want to have a relationship with our phoenix monkey
You also deserve
shut up
Mr. Lin, we finally meet Mr. Lin
Did I hear it right?
The phoenix monkey respectfully calls this kid sir
It seems that he and Lord Feng Ming not only know each other
And the relationship loses money.
Lin Ce also knew Feng Minghou
Impossible for someone like him
How is it possible to make Fengming
An adult of this level
Mr. Lin, why are you up there?
Did you open this Heaven Dou Skylark?
That's right, this Skylark is me
Look at these eight desolate sabers will also be dug out by me
This lark gate
Not only Lord Long Shuai can clear it up
And he also plans to pull out the Eight Desolate Sabers
Is his true identity
The answer is quite straightforward.
Upon orders, Lord Hou
This person has confessed to the crime he committed
Please also order ASAP.
Arrest him immediately
Dispose of according to law
Zhou Heng, do you know who you are arresting?
Isn't he Skylark's watchdog?
We were humiliated the other day.
Throw him out the door
He is remorseful
Pretend now
I want to regain my poor dignity
You needn't pity him.
Clean your mouth for me
Tiger Country was defeated by my lobster that day
Everyone thinks it's the monkey's credit
And I want to be really clear here.
Save me, the man of Longxia
This gentleman, Linzer, who is officially standing behind me